Feat: add Baidu Cloud BOS as storage backends for Loki #4788 (#5848)
grafana/loki: docs/sources/configuration/_index.md

  # Configures backend rule storage for a local file system directory.
  [local: <local_storage_config>]

>   # Configures backend rule storage for Baidu BCE BOS.

Author: Thanks, I was careless, this has been fixed.

  [num_tokens: <int> | default = 128]
```

## bos_storage_config

The `bos_storage_config` configures Baidu BCE BOS a general storage for different data generated by Loki.

```yaml

> # Name of Bos bucket.

Author: tks,I replace `Bos` to `BOS` all place. This looks more formal.

  [num_tokens: <int> | default = 128]
```

## bos_storage_config

> The `bos_storage_config` configures Baidu BCE Baidu Object Storage (BOS)  as a general storage for different data generated by Loki.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `bos_storage_config` block configures Baidu BCE Baidu Object Storage (BOS)  as general storage for data generated by Loki.
```

Author: fixed

# The `hedging_config` configures how to hedge requests for the storage.
[hedging: <hedging_config>]

# Configures Baidu BCE BOS as the common storage.

> [ bos: <bos_storage_config> ]

Author: fixed
